---
share: true
---

We established that [[1. Fundamentals of Image Generation Models#^a223cf|models are trained using a Dataset]]. For real life pictures, these often include photos, along with a description of what is happening. For anime pictures, people just use Booru sites, e.g. [Danbooru](https://danbooru.donmai.us/), [gelbooru](https://gelbooru.com/)(NSFW warning), or something else. Pictures are already annotated using <font color=EDED96>tags</font>. For the purposes of this guide, a tag describes the words in between commas.  

<details open><summary>
<b> Example:
</b></summary>

Positive Prompt: 1girl, catgirl, meow meow meow meow, cute, 
 
"meow meow meow meow" would be one of the four tags in this prompt. 
</details>

Similarly, when prompting, you want to write in a tag-style format. That means, instead of prompting "The moon reflected in a puddle of water their feet, a bystander to the comfort the two friends found themselves in.", you want to write "two people hugging, moon reflection on water, warm glow,", and then pray for the best. 

<details open><summary>
<b> I still don't get what "tag-style" means.
</b></summary>
<br> 
 It's a weird kind of caveman speak, where we cut down all words that don't contain information. This makes it appear very brusk, snappy.
<details open><summary>
<b> Examples
</b></summary>

 "<font color=EDED96>A</font> dog lying on <font color=EDED96>the</font> ground" -> "Dog lying on ground"  -> "Dog, on ground"
 "She <font color=EDED96>is</font> wear<font color=EDED96>ing a</font> sunflower dress." -> "She wear sunflower dress" -> "woman, sunflower dress"
 "He <font color=EDED96>balls his hands into</font> fists" -> "Man, clenched fist"
</details>
<br>
If you want some more concrete tips:
<ul>
 <li> avoid "a, an, the, with," and other words that do not contain a lot of information. 
 <li> Keep each tag to a minimum amount of meaningful words. Instead of "artistic pie with lots of different kinds of fruits", try "artistic pie with apple strawberry blueberry". 
 <li> Tag about what you want to be present, not what you want not to be present. Instead of "no hair", use "bald".
</ul>
</details>


<details open><summary>
<b> For Booru users:
</b></summary>

<br>If you know what the sites are, you might be tempted to use Danbooru tags. However, at the beginning, I recommend the opposite: Use them sparingly. "Black hair" will get understood, even if "black_hair" also exists. The reason why is covered in the <a href=""> Intermediate Guide</a>.
<details open><summary>
<b> The exceptions to the rule are:

</b></summary>
 Meow
</details>
</details>

## Guide structure

Now that you have a general understanding of what a tag is, let's talk about how the rest of this guide is structured. We are first going to achieve high consistency by structuring our prompt in such a way that it is easier for the model to replicate our desired result ([[1.2.1 Prompt Structure]], [[1.2.2 Individual Tags]], [[1.2.3 Negative Tags]], [[1.4 Commas]], [[1.3 Token bleed and Token fighting]]). Then, once that is done, we finetune the prompt until we get our desired output image [[1.5 Weights]], [[1.6 Adjusting CFG]], [[1.8 Upscalers]], [[2. Improving an existing picture]], [[2.1 Prompt refining]], [[2.2 Img2Img]]). Lastly, we look at some resources ([[3.1 Civitai showcases]], [[3.2 DeepBooru]], [[3.3 Danbooru]]) and add-ons ([[4.1 Textural Embeddings or Textural Inversions]], [[4.2 LoRAs]], [[Extensions]], [[4.4 Community]]). 

Next: [[1.2.1 Prompt Structure]]
