```
---  
share: true  
---  
```

Weights are used to make the model pay more attention to the relevant word. As an example:
(Cat:1.5). The numbers are a multiplier. Anything between 0 and 2 is recommended, beyond 2 is NOT recommended. 

If you have a bracket for multiple words, e.g. (Long hair, drill hair:1.2), the weight is applied to <font color=EDED96><b>both</b></font> tags. 

The standard weight is 1. I personally use 1.2 / 1.3 at the start if I think it's underrepresented, and 0.8 if it's overrepresented, and then I finetune it. The typical maximum I go for is 1.5, and the typical minimum 0.2. If I go over / beneath that, that already feels uncomfortable to me, but for some it is necessary. 
These weight guidelines are for standard tags only. 

For [[4.2 LoRAs|LoRAs]] I recommend a standard value of 0.7-0.8, and then go down if needed. More often than not, I will go down to 0.6, 0.4, or even 0.2. The problem with LoRAs at high weights are blurry faces, bad hands, and art style changes. You still want to take LoRAs because of their more specialized benefits, and they will still apply at lower weights. 
Check the LoRA page to see what the uploader recommends!

For [[4.1 Textural Embeddings or Textural Inversions||Textural Embeddings]], I recommend a standard value of 0.6, or 0.4 for stronger TIs. Most people have settled on 0.8 and 0.6, but that actually still is too strong. Some people think that Textural Embeddings cannot harm the prompt unlike LoRAs — and these people are <i>wrong</i>. A Textural Embedding that is too strong can and will harm your output. If you see weird glitches or artifacts, that might be caused by a TI that is too strong. 

For [[Extensions|Hypernets]], I have no clue, because I haven't ran Hypernets before. I will do so once I get a better GPU. 

Next: [[1.6 Adjusting CFG]]