So far, we have covered individual tags alone. However, tags function differently when working together. Some tags will give context for other tags and make an outcome much more likely. For example, the lying locust pose will generate a decent amount of locust, unless you add the context that it is training in a different tag. 

A common way to do it is to find a tag that combines both the thing you want and the context. For example, cowboy_shot is a tag that is mostly used to denote the camera view associated with it on Danbooru, different from cowboy shot, which can also be a shot from or of a cowboy.

You can use these danbooru tags if you think they are represented well in the training data; this typically means at least 800 pictures, but can also work with less. The best way to tell is to just try to generate the tag and observe the influence of each tag. 

Alternatively, you can use more text to tie tags more cohesively together. Here is a few forms of that: (pillow girl), pillow+girl, pillow_girl, pillowgirl (just writing it together grammar be darned). I recommend not combining more than 5 words this way; [[CLIP]] might otherwise just ignore it. A differentiation between each of these will be eventually done in [[x.x Commas (ignore, outdated, will do more research way later)|Commas]], as part of the [[Intermediate Guide]]. 

There is a much more general differentiation you can use now however:

>[!info]
>The weakest on the left. 
>"random, things", random things < (random things), random+things, random_things, randomthings < (notrandomthing), notrandomthing, not_random_thing, 
>In other words, it's worth trying to look for a word combination that work via the words themselves, over mashing random words together.

As an example, "red eyes" is a common combination, so switching to red+eyes / redeyes would be worse. However, "lizard keyboard" is more uncommon, and might get processed separately instead, so switching to "lizardkeyboard"/"lizard+keyboard" is better.

Next: [[1.6 Adjusting CFG]]