---
share: true
---

We established that [[1. Fundamentals of Image Generation Models#^a223cf|models are trained using a Dataset]]. For real life pictures, these often include photos, along with a description of what is happening. For anime pictures, people just use Booru sites, e.g. [Danbooru](https://danbooru.donmai.us/), [gelbooru](https://gelbooru.com/)(NSFW warning), or something else. Pictures are already annotated using <font color=EDED96>tags</font>. For the purposes of this guide, a tag describes the words in between commas.  

>[!success]+ Positive Prompt: 
>1girl, catgirl, meow meow meow meow, cute, 
 
"meow meow meow meow" would be one of the four tags in this prompt. 

Similarly, when prompting, you want to write in a tag-style format. That means, instead of prompting "The moon reflected in a puddle of water their feet, a bystander to the comfort the two friends found themselves in.", you want to write "two people hugging, moon reflection on water, warm glow,", and then pray for the best. 

>[!faq]+ I still don't get what "tag-style" means.
>It's a weird kind of caveman speak, where we cut down all words that don't contain information. This makes it appear very brusk, snappy.
>Example:
 "<font color=EDED96>A</font> dog lying on <font color=EDED96>the</font> ground" -> "Dog lying on ground"  -> "Dog, on ground"
 "She <font color=EDED96>is</font> wear<font color=EDED96>ing a</font> sunflower dress." -> "She wear sunflower dress" -> "woman, sunflower dress"
 "He <font color=EDED96>balls his hands into</font> fists" -> "Man, clenched fist"
><p>If you want some more concrete tips:</p>
><ul><li> avoid "a, an, the, with," and other words that do not contain a lot of information. <li> Keep each tag to a minimum amount of meaningful words. Instead of "artistic pie with lots of different kinds of fruits", try "artistic pie with apple strawberry blueberry".  <li> Tag about what you want to be present, not what you want not to be present. Instead of "no hair", use "bald".</ul>


>[!faq]+ I know Booru. Can't I just use the tags?
> If you know what the sites are, you might be tempted to use Booru tags. However, at the beginning, I recommend to only use them sparingly. "Black hair" will get understood, even if "black_hair" also exists. Just because a tag exists doesn't mean it's good. Furthermore, people can mis-tag in their models. 
> My main deciding factor is if a particular tag has 800+ images on danbooru. If yes, I will probably use it. If no, I will experiment to see which one works better. A "black one-piece_swimsuit" will get understood better than a "black_one-piece_swimsuit", because the latter is much rarer in samplesize.


Next: [[1.2.1 Prompt Structure]]
