---
share: true
---


TL;DR: Use negative tags to fight against positive tags. 

The best case scenario is when our prompt is not fighting itself. This is not always possible. In these scenarios, you can use other positive tags, or negative tags to tilt the fight into the favor of one side. 

As an example, you do not want any NSFW in your picture. In this case, adding "no NSFW" to the positive prompt is useless, because the model will read and generate "no" and then "NSFW". The negative prompt works differently from the positive prompt, you can think of it as a prompt subtracting from the positive prompt.

It's not nearly as strong with SD 1.5, but it does impact the final picture. 

Negative prompts are also the place where negative text embeddings should be used. Don't use them in the positive prompt, you have been warned. More on that in the  [[4.1 Textural Embeddings or Textural Inversions]] part. 

This is the negative tags I used to use for SFW pictures. It's old, but it covers most general case scenarios. 

>[!failure] <font color=F1ACAB>Negative Prompt:</font>
>(worst quality, bad quality, normal quality:1.2), nsfw
>bad anatomy, bad proportions, 
>bad body, 
>bad feet, 
>extra arms, 
>extra legs, 
>bad hands, extra digit, extra fingers, extra limbs, extra digit, fewer digits, fused fingers, gross proportions, malformed limbs, missing arms, missing fingers, missing legs, mutated hands, mutation, polar lowres, poorly drawn face, poorly drawn hands,
>blurry, cropped, deformed, error, jpeg artifacts, lowres,
>signature, text, too many fingers, username, watermark, 
>(bad_prompt_version2:0.4),  (easynegative:0.6)

Nowadays, I instead start with this prompt: 

>[!failure] <font color=F1ACAB> Negative Prompt:</font>
>(worst quality, bad quality:1.4), 

And then I add things to it based on the output I get. More on that in the section [[2. Improving an existing picture|Improving an existing picture]], specifically [[2.1 Creating variations|Prompt refining]].

The first prompt is perfectly fine though! It is also what I recommend you to use! I use the current one because it is very flexible and I add tags on the go. Negative prompts do not have as much impact on the final picture as the positive prompt.\* 

Next: [[1.3 Token bleed and Token fighting|Token bleed and Token fighting]]. 

\*If the negative prompt hugely impacts the model, and if you are using the Model Anythingv4 / v4.5, or a model that has it in its mix: Set the target resolution to 512x512, as it sucks at anything else. If it's something else, then head over to <a href="INSERTLINHERE">4.1 Textural Embeddings or Textural Inversions</a>, or the <a href="INSERTLINKHERE">Intermediate Guide</a>.  
