---
share: true
---

Let us first talk about how to get the most value out of an individual tag. 

I found the following often true: 

>[!info]
>Understandable + Clear prompt => Consistent quality output 
>Fewer tokens => Better token representation

However, some models can benefit from more tags; and we also generally want to describe the output well, unless you are doing some experimenting. Generally, we are looking to see 75-150 tokens in the positive prompt. 

Because of this, we are looking for tags that contain as much information within as few words as possible. The only exception to this is when we have too much information for one batch. In this case, spread the detailed tags among the batches. Refer to the [[Intermediate Guide]] for more information. 

 Tips for using individual tags:
<ul> 
<li> Generally, you want to write what you want to see (duh). Don't write what you don't want to see. Especially avoid negatives, e.g. "No hair" is worse than "bald". The model reads hair, and generates hair. The no is fighting against that generation. This is further covered in [[1.3 Token bleed and Token fighting]].
<li> Use words that you think are represented in the training labeling. As an example, if I want someone mysteriously brooding in front of their computer, I wouldn't use "programmer", but "hacker". If I want someone chilling in front of a computer, I might use office worker instead. Want someone with a headphone? "customer service worker". Recognizing what pictures are associated with each word, and then choosing the right word is a big part of prompting well. 
<li> Whatever you don't specify will be left up to the model. Usually, this means they will try to stick to the tag and its associated tags. As an example, if a character typically wears a specific kind of cloth, and you tag that character and don't specify the cloth, the model will typically default to the cloth. It just has the highest probability, because this is represented most in the training data set.
</ul>

Below, I listed some pretty sensible SFW tags for each section of my prompt structure. They are copied from danbooru. If you are a danbooru user, you will notice that I do not use underscore most of the time. 
The reason is that the general tags without underscore were present in the base model, while the underscore tags are only trained on anime pictures. In other words, they are subtly different. The default will give slightly more consistent results (which is what my priority is for this guide) since it went through more training, but sometimes you are actually avoiding the usual tag; in which case the underscore is needed. 
This is covered in detail in the [[Intermediate Guide]].  
For the purpose of the Basic Prompting Guide, we will only sparsingly use actual danbooru tags.

If you want to look up booru tags, I recommend [this site](https://danbooru.donmai.us/wiki_pages/tag_groups) (Links to NSFW stuff). 

>[!info] Legend
><font color=F1ACAB>Just for visual clarity</font><br>
><font color=EDED96>useful to know</font><br>
><font color=98fb98>comment</font><br>
>\[placeholder\]. E.g. [Animal] means that you can insert most common animals in there and it will still understand what you mean. 
</details>

Refer to the whole Tags list folder. 
TOC: [[Overview]]
Start: [[1. (Optional) General description]]

Also, here are some really useful <b>adjectives</b> you can use in front of the prompt:
E.g. angry eyes, sad smile, etc. 
<font 
color=F1ACAB>Mood:
</font> warm, cold, comfortable, frightening, horrifying, peaceful,  
<font 
color=F1ACAB>Emotions:
</font>happy, cheerful, excited, relieved, affectionate, scared, worried, dreading, angry, hate, annoyed, jealous, disgust, hurt, sad, depressed, disappointed, guilty, surprised, amazed, moved, 
<font 
color=F1ACAB>Size:
</font>tiny, small, medium, large, huge, gigantic,  
<font color=F1ACAB>Texture:</font> glossy, oily, wet, metallic, raw, translucent, transparent, see-through, liquid, 

Next: [[1.2.3 Negative Tags]]
