---
share: true
---

### Token Order

The model processes [[tokens|tokens]] in batches of 75. Tokens at the front (of the batch) are weighted more. Tokens are processed from left to right.


>[!info]
Put your complex, picture-defining tags at the start.    


>[!idea]
>Put tokens about the same topic near each other. You can even make paragraphs!

Making paragraphs gets ignored in the prompt. 

This part is so formulaic that I even have a general structure for this:

>[!info] Prompt Structure:
><ol type="1"><li> (Optional:) General description <li> Character(s*)<li> Character pose<li> Background<li> Camera/View<li> Lightning <li> Style (can also be first)<li> Boilerplate (e.g. masterpiece, best quality, etc.)<li> Other information (NSFW / SFW)</ol>


General rule: 
<p>Complicated tokens to the front > Complicated groups to the front > Structure</p>
- For multiple characters, check the [[Intermediate Guide]] 
- There are many reasons to lightly deviate from the structure. For example, if the pose is complicated, it might be worth it to push it to the front. However, overall, this structure is recommended.
- If you want landscape scenes, just skip characters, and add people to the negative prompt. 

## Examples

It probably is not clear just from the above text what I mean, or maybe the impact is not believable. So, let me go through a few Examples:
Grouping is really good:
[[Example 1 - Girl resting in a cave]]
Structure is consistent:
[[Example 2 - City nighttime Headphone Girl]]
[[Example 3 - Flower shop girl]]
[[Example 4 - Girl Fights Dragon]]

Prev: [[1.2 Tags]]
Next: [[1.2.2 Individual Tags]]
