```
---  
share: true  
---  
```

When playing around with it a little bit, you will find yourself sometimes things sneaking in that you didn't intend to. This usually happens when you combine words for a new meaning, but it registers the individual words itself still. We call this <font 
color="F1ACAB">Token Bleed</font>. There are three kinds of <font 
color=F1ACAB>Token Bleed:</font>

<ol>
<li> Cowboy shot generates Cowboys too. => <font color=EDED96>Multi Word Tags</font>
<li> No Muffins generates Muffins too.  => <font color=EDED96>No Tags</font>
<li> Applepies generates Apples too.  => <font color=EDED96>Multi Syllable Tags</font>
</ol>
I made a checklist for you to go through if you face this issue:

## Case 1: <font color=EDED96>Multi Word Tags</font>

Step 1: Open [danbooru](https://danbooru.donmai.us/).
Step 2: Enter the tag.
Step 3 Case A: If there are more than 800 pictures, use the tag. e.g. "cowboy_shot" You are now finished. 
Step 3 Case B: If there are less than 800 pictures, do not use the tag.
Step 4: Look if you can write the prompt differently without spacebar. E.g. Mid shot view
Step 5: Put the bleeding word in the negatives. E.g.: Cowboy in negatives 
Step 6: Try to see if you can use [[1.4 Weights|Weights]] for the bleeding word, e.g. "(Cowboy:0.4) Shot" <font color=98fb98>Use at your own risk, no testing has been done on my part. I will test once I get new GPU</font>
Step 7: Write the words together without leaving a spacebar. E.g.: "cowboyshot" 
Step 8: Pray.

## Case 2: <font color=EDED96>No tags</font>

Step 1: Describe what you want without using any negation, e.g. "no hair" -> "bald". If this works, you are finished.
Step 2: Remove it from the positive prompt and add it without the "no" to the negative prompt.
Step 3: Pray.

## Case 3: <font color=EDED96>Multi Syllable Tags</font>
Step 1: Step 1: Open [danbooru](https://danbooru.donmai.us/).
Step 2: Enter the tag.
Step 3 Case A: If there are more than 800 pictures, use the tag. e.g. "apple_pie" You are now finished. Mind you, bleed can still exist, it's just a little bit less.
Step 3 Case B: If there are less than 800 pictures, do not use the tag.
Step 4: Look if you can write the prompt differently without multiple joined words, e.g. "pie" instead of "applepie". 
Step 5: Put the offendingword in the negatives.
Step 6: Pray.

Alternatively, if the above doesn't work, check out some [[4.3 Extensions]].

## Token Fighting

In the previous section, we put the word in the negatives if we did not want it to be in the output. In these cases, the word in the negatives is fighting against the positive prompt and the bias of the model. 

The tags in the positive prompt can also fight among each other. If you get inconsistent results, watch out for tokens that can fight each other. If you instead want to combine the tokens, check the [[Intermediate Guide]]!

Next: [[1.4 Weights]]